docs(upgrade): upgrade from 4.3 to 4.4 (#971)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/changes/upgrade-4.4.md

# Upgrade from 4.3 to 4.4

EMQ X 4.3 and 4.4 nodes co-exist in the same cluster.
Hence it's possible to apply a rolling upgrade of a EMQ X cluster.

> The upgrade steps of each EMQ X node is summarised as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrade steps of each EMQ X node are summarised below:
```

1. Optional: remove the node from load-balancer

> 1. Stop the node, (e.g. `emqx sotp`, `systemctl stop emqx`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Stop the node, (e.g. `emqx stop`, `systemctl stop emqx`)
```

> 1. Backup 'data' and 'etc' directories. (more detila below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Backup 'data' and 'etc' directories. (more detail below)
```

1. Uninstall v4.3
1. Install v4.4, and restore the backup directories for 'data' and 'etc'
1. Start v4.4, and monitor alerts/error logs
1. Optional: add the node back to the load-balancer

> NOTE: Mind the [Config changes](#config-change) and [Behaviour changes](#behaviour-changes).

Reviewer 2: Nit: these links are not working (at least in the Github visualization)

Reviewer 3: it's been fixed in the next PR.

* Where the environment variable `EMQX_NODE__DATA_DIR` points to
* Where the `node.data_dir` config key points to in `emqx.conf`
* `/opt/emqx/data` when running in docker (typically a mounted volume)
* `<install-path>/data` when installed from zip package extraction
* `/var/lib/emqx/data` when installed from RPM or DEB packages

Take RPM or DEB installation for example.

```bash
## Create a backup dir
mkdir -p ~/emqx-backup/etc/
mkdir -p ~/emqx-backup/data/

## Ensure EMQ X is stopped
systemctl stop emqx
systemctl status emqx

## Copy the directories
cp -r /etc/emqx ~/emqx-backup/etc/
cp -r /var/lib/emqx/ ~/emqx-backup/data/
```

## Uninstall v4.3

- Taking RPM installation for example

```bash
## Inspect the current installation
rpm -qa | grep emqx

## uninstall
rpm -e emqx-4.3.x-x.x86_64
```

## Install v4.4 and restore data and config from backup

- Taking RPM installation for example

```bash
rpm -ivh emqx-4.4.0-otp24.1.5-3-centos7-amd64.rpm
```

- Restore the data and config from backup

```bash
cp -r ~/emqx-backup/etc/ /etc/emqx/
cp -r ~/emqx-backup/data/ /var/lib/emqx/
```

## Start v4.4

- Taking systemctl for example

```bash
# Start
systemctl start emqx

> # Innspect status

Reviewer 2: Nit: _Inspect_, or maybe _Check_
